When I was in the Marine Corps boot camp, they came and got at a line
one day and said you've got to go over to this other building and talk
to this guy who we don't even know who he is but he's from the government
wants to talk to you. And when they came back from that the
guy asks me all kinds of questions about whether I was clearable and
criminal record everything in my life that was embarassing. And I
thought, well that's really strange was going on there. And when the
workers came out our platoon commander which was an E seven gunnery
sergeant in the Marine Corps read out orders he read out my orders
I was ordered to school to learn twenty five seventy one divys and our
platoon commander as an E seve, his major job in the Marine Corp
was communications. So he'd hanedle the radios between different units
in the Marine Corps and he got me aside and he said you're going
to love this duty. And little did I know how much I really was going
to love it. When I finally get to the good lord and can talk to him,
I will say thank you lord putting me in that line of work. I loved
every every every second of it. It was so exciting, was so intellectually
challenging was, so much fun. And then I got out in civilian
life, stayed with cryptology in the reserves. Lived out civilian life
and bungered around out, I was a lawyer for ten years with my dad
until he died. But I didn't like that very much. But I got back into
computer research and again I felt something I'm really really loved.
So I love computing. I love working on computers. I love envisioning
what you can do with a computer. Something a lot of people don't
have his vision they can do what they're told that they can't see.
Wow, we could do this for that you know and so one of things I really
love my job in academia is you're given an opportunity to talk about
your vision, sell your vision and work on your vision, so those are
all things I really love about both my military and my civilian careers.